Add zsh-emacs (#1107)
unixorn/awesome-zsh-plugins: README.md

* [editing-workbench](https://github.com/psprint/zsh-editing-workbench) - Adds sane, complex command line editing (e.g. incremental history _word_ completion).
* [edward cli](https://github.com/matthieusb/zsh-edward) - Adds smart completions and alises for [edward CLI micro-service launcher](https://github.com/yext/edward).
* [elixir](https://github.com/gusaiani/elixir-oh-my-zsh) - Adds shortcuts for Elixir, IEX, Mix, Kiex and Phoenix.

> * [emacs](https://github.com/cowboyd/zsh-emacs) - Handy aliases for Emacs as well as make Emacs the default editor for CLI operations like editting git commit messages.

Author: ```suggestion
* [emacs](https://github.com/cowboyd/zsh-emacs) - Make Emacs the default for CLI operations like editing git commit messages; set up handy aliases.
```
